MTM-58246 add Angular 17 announcement (#1874)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-angular-17-upgrade.md

---
date: 2024-03-28
title: Angular 17 upgrade
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e
    label: Announcement
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58246
version: 1020.0.0
---

> We want to inform you that in the upcoming release 1020.0.0, we will be updating Angular to version 17. This update brings improvements and new features but may also introduce breaking changes that could impact your existing implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a future version, we will update Angular to version 17. This update brings improvements and new features but may also introduce breaking changes that could impact your existing implementations.
```

Reviewer: Customers do not now these release versions

> To ensure a smooth transition and help you adapt to these changes, we will provide an upgrade guide when the release happens. This guide will help you navigate the changes and update your codebase accordingly.

Reviewer: We do no longer talk about releases, only for the yearly releases.

> To ensure a smooth transition and help you adapt to these changes, we will provide an upgrade guide when the release happens. This guide will help you navigate the changes and update your codebase accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure a smooth transition and help you to adapt your implementations, we will provide an upgrade documentation when this change happens. This documentation will help you navigate through the changes and update your codebase accordingly.
```

Reviewer: Is this upgrade documentation available? Then we should add the link.

Author: No yet.
